feat: Usage Reporting. (#898)
apollographql/router: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

# [v0.1.0-preview.8] - (unreleased)
## ❗ BREAKING ❗
## 🚀 Features ( :rocket: )

### Apollo studio Usage Reporting [PR #898](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/898)
If you have [enabled telemetry](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/apollo-telemetry#enabling-usage-reporting), you can now see field usage reporting for your queries by heading to the Apollo studio fields section.
Here is more information on how to [set up telemetry](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/metrics/usage-reporting#pushing-metrics-from-apollo-server) and [Field Usage](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/metrics/field-usage)

### PluginTestHarness [PR #898](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/898)

> Added a simple plugin test harness that provides can provide canned responses to queries. This harness is early in development and the functionality and APIs will change going forward. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a simple plugin test harness that can provide canned responses to queries. This harness is early in development and the functionality and APIs will probably change. 
```
